Docs changes to reflect new assessment settings API and naming (#119)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/notification-configurations.mdx

}
```

<!-- BEGIN: TFC:only name:health-assessments -->

### Workspace Notification Payload

> Workspace events include detailed information about workspace-level validation events like [health assessments](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/health-assessments) if they are enabled for the workspace. Much of the information provides details about the associated [assessment result](/cloud-docs/api-docs/assessment-results), which Terraform Cloud uses to track instances of continuous validation. Generic notifications for workspace events contain the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace events include detailed information about workspace-level validation events like [health assessments](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/health-assessments) if you enabled them for the workspace. Much of the information provides details about the associated [assessment result](/cloud-docs/api-docs/assessment-results), which Terraform Cloud uses to track instances of continuous validation. Generic notifications for workspace events contain the following information:
```
